pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/examples/SampleResponse.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.examples.SampleResponse
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/infrastructure/repository/WeatherRepositoryConfig.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.infrastructure.repository.WeatherRepositoryConfig
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/domain/Location.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.Location
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/domain/WeatherService.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.WeatherService
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/domain/WeatherForecast.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.WeatherForecast
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.WeatherForecast$DailyTemperature
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/api/WeatherApiResponse.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.api.WeatherApiResponse
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/domain/WeatherForecastProvider.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.WeatherForecastProvider
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/examples/SampleHttpClient.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.examples.SampleHttpClient
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/domain/Weather.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.Weather
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/api/WeatherForecastApiResponse.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.api.WeatherForecastApiResponse
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.api.WeatherForecastApiResponse$DailyTemperatureApiResponse
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/domain/WeatherRepository.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.WeatherRepository
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/domain/WeatherNotFoundException.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.WeatherNotFoundException
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/WeatherApplication.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.WeatherApplication
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/api/WeatherController.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.api.WeatherController
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/domain/WeatherConfig.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.domain.WeatherConfig
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/examples/SampleRequest.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.examples.SampleRequest
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/infrastructure/repository/InMemoryWeatherRepository.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.infrastructure.repository.InMemoryWeatherRepository
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/infrastructure/openweathermap/client/OpenWeatherMapResponse.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.infrastructure.openweathermap.client.OpenWeatherMapResponse
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.infrastructure.openweathermap.client.OpenWeatherMapResponse$DaillyForecastDTO
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.infrastructure.openweathermap.client.OpenWeatherMapResponse$TemperatureForecastDTO
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/examples/SampleHttpClientResponse.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.examples.SampleHttpClientResponse
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.examples.SampleHttpClientResponse$Book
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/api/WeatherApiRequest.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.api.WeatherApiRequest
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/api/WebExceptionHandler.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.api.WebExceptionHandler
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/examples/SampleControllers.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.examples.SampleControllers
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/api/WebExceptionResponse.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.api.WebExceptionResponse
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/infrastructure/openweathermap/client/OpenWeatherMapClient.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.infrastructure.openweathermap.client.OpenWeatherMapClient
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/infrastructure/openweathermap/OpenWeatherMapForecastProvider.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.infrastructure.openweathermap.OpenWeatherMapForecastProvider
pl/allegrotech/weatherapp/infrastructure/openweathermap/OpenWeatherMapConfig.java
 pl.allegrotech.weatherapp.infrastructure.openweathermap.OpenWeatherMapConfig
